DOCS-1707/DOCS-1997: Refresh ML landing page and model frameworks (#2685)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/ml/_index.md

{{<imgproc src="/ml/training.png" class="alignright" resize="400x" declaredimensions=true alt="ML training">}}

Machine Learning (ML) provides your machines with the ability to adjust its behavior based on models that recognize patterns or make predictions.

Common use cases include:

- Object detection, which enables machines to detect people, animals, plants, or other objects with bounding boxes, and to perform actions when they are detected.
- Object classification, which enables machines to separate people, animals, plants, or other objects into predefined categories based on their characteristics.
- Speech recognition, natural language processing, and speech synthesis, which enable machines to verbally communicate with us.

However, your machine can make use of machine learning with nearly any kind of data.

{{% alert title="Note" color="note" %}}
See [Integrate Viam with ChatGPT to Create a Companion Robot](/tutorials/projects/integrating-viam-with-openai/) for an example of using Viam to add object detection, speech recognition, natural language processing, and speech synthesis capabilities to a machine.

> {{% /alert %}}

Author: Do not like the way this looks: 
<img width="1156" alt="image" src="https://github.com/viamrobotics/docs/assets/20797913/6365d7b7-59ef-442f-8f59-924c0ed7c4ca">

> {{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: yea that does not look great. Try finding something that includes a preview card that is more visually pleasing (the tutorial preview image/video would help...) and see if you can add the text around it. You can also see if you can put a card in the alert. Given the page now has a lot of text, we do want something visual here to break up the text.

> {{% /alert %}}

Author: <img width="1088" alt="image" src="https://github.com/viamrobotics/docs/assets/20797913/6dc5e115-03df-4614-8e9c-d3416c0d341c">
<img width="1096" alt="image" src="https://github.com/viamrobotics/docs/assets/20797913/a54bb9c0-34db-4455-97dc-6315234312c9">
alert in card does not work and the card still looks ugly just because there's not other cards with it. I don't want to highlight other tutorials here and I feel like making it a card is highlighting the chat GPT one too much in the first place-- I just wanted a sentence to demonstrate that the viam platform is capable of all of those things discussed in the intro.

> {{% /alert %}}

Author: can the alert serve to break it up? Or do you have any other ideas?

> {{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: Added a comment below - there it would break up the text a bit better I think and combining with the other tutorials might make sense

> {{% /alert %}}

Author: looks good

Viam provides models of [ML model](/ml/deploy/) and [Computer Vision](/ml/vision/) services to facilitate model deployment and object detection and classification.

> The ML model service runs the model on your machine so that the [Computer Vision](/ml/vision) `mlmodel` service can use it as a detector or classifier, interpreting image data from images on your computer or a [camera](/components/camera/) to draw bounding boxes around objects (detection) or return a class label and confidence score (classification) based off the [inferences](/ml/deploy/#infer) the underlying ML model makes.

Author: ```suggestion
The ML model service runs the model on your machine so that the [Computer Vision](/ml/vision/) `mlmodel` service can use it as a detector or classifier, interpreting image data from images on your computer or a [camera](/components/camera/) to draw bounding boxes around objects (detection) or return a class label and confidence score (classification) based off the [inferences](/ml/deploy/#infer) the underlying ML model makes.
```

> The ML model service runs the model on your machine so that the [Computer Vision](/ml/vision/) `mlmodel` service can use it as a detector or classifier, interpreting image data from images on your computer or a [camera](/components/camera/) to draw bounding boxes around objects (detection) or return a class label and confidence score (classification) based off the [inferences](/ml/deploy/#infer) the underlying ML model makes.

Author: added small clarification

See [Use machine learning with your machine](#use-machine-learning-with-your-machine) for a full guide to this workflow.

> The ML model service works with models trained inside and outside the Viam app, and with models that are private to an organization or shared on the registry.

Author: @npentrel That was intentional-- to state why and then explore the options (Thus). 
```suggestion
```
If you don't like I can just delete the sentence?

> The ML model service works with models trained inside and outside the Viam app, and with models that are private to an organization or shared on the registry.

Reviewer: Then the next sentence needs to also change - but yeah I think that would make it a bit shorter. Again - concern is that this is now quite a bit of text

> The ML model service works with models trained inside and outside the Viam app, and with models that are private to an organization or shared on the registry.

Author: Ok. I kind of do feel like we should explicitly state this somewhere...

Thus, you have four options when choosing a model to deploy onto an [ML model](/ml/deploy/) deployment service.
You can:

> - [train a model on the Viam app](ml/train-model/) and deploy it

Author: ```suggestion
- [train a model on the Viam app](/ml/train-model/) and deploy it
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="note" %}}
See [Integrate Viam with ChatGPT to Create a Companion Robot](/tutorials/projects/integrating-viam-with-openai/) for an example of using Viam to add object detection, speech recognition, natural language processing, and speech synthesis capabilities to a machine.
{{% /alert %}}

Viam provides two services that enable machine learning capabilities: the [ML model](/ml/deploy/) service and the [Computer Vision](/ml/vision/) service.

The ML model service deploys and runs a machine learning model, such as a TensorFlow or ONNX model, on your machine and makes its output accessible to other services.
One service that is built on top of the ML model service is the [Computer Vision](/ml/vision/mlmodel/) `mlmodel` service which can detect or classify objects.
As a detector, the service interprets image data from images on your computer or a [camera](/components/camera/) and draws bounding boxes around objects.
As a classifier, the service returns class labels and confidence score based off the [inferences](/ml/deploy/#infer) the underlying ML model makes from image data.

> See [Use machine learning with your machine](#use-machine-learning-with-your-machine) for a full guide to this workflow.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
See [Use machine learning with your machine](#use-machine-learning-with-your-machine) for step by step instructions.

## Example Tutorials

{{< cards >}}
{{% manualcard link="/tutorials/projects/integrating-viam-with-openai/" %}}
<h4>Integrate Viam with ChatGPT to Create a Companion Robot</h4>
Add object detection, speech recognition, natural language processing, and speech synthesis capabilities to a machine.
{{% /manualcard %}}
{{% card link="/tutorials/projects/helmet/" %}}
{{% card link="/tutorials/services/data-mlmodel-tutorial/" %}}
{{< /cards >}}
{{< cards >}}

## Model Support
```

{{% /alert %}}

Viam provides two services that enable machine learning capabilities: the [ML model](/ml/deploy/) service and the [Computer Vision](/ml/vision/) service.

The ML model service deploys and runs a machine learning model, such as a TensorFlow or ONNX model, on your machine and makes its output accessible to other services.
One service that is built on top of the ML model service is the [Computer Vision](/ml/vision/mlmodel/) `mlmodel` service which can detect or classify objects.
As a detector, the service interprets image data from images on your computer or a [camera](/components/camera/) and draws bounding boxes around objects.
As a classifier, the service returns class labels and confidence score based off the [inferences](/ml/deploy/#infer) the underlying ML model makes from image data.

See [Use machine learning with your machine](#use-machine-learning-with-your-machine) for a full guide to this workflow.

The ML model service works with models trained inside and outside the Viam app, and with models that are private to an organization or shared on the registry.

> Thus, you have four options when choosing a model to deploy onto an [ML model](/ml/deploy/) deployment service.

Author: ```suggestion
You have four options when choosing a model to deploy onto an [ML model](/ml/deploy/) deployment service.
```

Machine Learning (ML) provides your machines with the ability to adjust its behavior based on models that recognize patterns or make predictions.

Common use cases include:

- Object detection, which enables machines to detect people, animals, plants, or other objects with bounding boxes, and to perform actions when they are detected.
- Object classification, which enables machines to separate people, animals, plants, or other objects into predefined categories based on their characteristics, and to perform different actions based on the classes of objects.
- Speech recognition, natural language processing, and speech synthesis, which enable machines to verbally communicate with us.

For other use cases, consider [creating custom functionality with a module](/registry/create/).

Viam provides two services that enable machine learning capabilities: the [ML model](/ml/deploy/) service and the [Computer Vision](/ml/vision/) service.

The ML model service deploys and runs a machine learning model, such as a TensorFlow or ONNX model, on your machine and makes its output accessible to other services.

> One service that is built on top of the ML model service is the [Computer Vision](/ml/vision/mlmodel/) `mlmodel` service which can detect or classify objects.

Author: ```suggestion
The [Computer Vision](/ml/vision/mlmodel/) `mlmodel` service, which can detect or classify objects, is built to work with the inferences from an ML model service.
```

Author: @npentrel I think you suggested this line specifically to show the flexibility but the wording feels strange to me-- would this be ok substitute? Or too much info

Reviewer: feel free to change!

> As a detector, the service interprets image data from images on your computer or a [camera](/components/camera/) and draws bounding boxes around objects.

Author: ```suggestion
As a detector, the service uses these inferences to interpret image data from images on your computer or a [camera](/components/camera/), drawing bounding boxes around objects.
```

As a classifier, the service returns class labels and confidence score based off the [inferences](/ml/deploy/#infer) the underlying ML model makes from image data.

See [Use machine learning with your machine](#use-machine-learning-with-your-machine) for step by step instructions.

> ## Example tutorials

Author: @npentrel Incorporated this-- don't mind it, essentially just moving the tutorials sections at the bottom up (removed that as duplicating). Visually it looks better. I added a fourth tutorial to make it a square if that's ok

Reviewer: Sounds good. Would be nice to add the preview image to the manual card - sorry I forgot that in my suggestion. I'll approve already though

For other use cases, consider [creating custom functionality with a module](/registry/create/).

Viam provides two services that enable machine learning capabilities: the [ML model](/ml/deploy/) service and the [Computer Vision](/ml/vision/) service.

The ML model service deploys and runs a machine learning model, such as a TensorFlow or ONNX model, on your machine and makes its output accessible to other services.
For example, the [Computer Vision](/ml/vision/mlmodel/) `mlmodel` service, which can detect or classify objects, is built to work with the inferences from an ML model service.
As a detector, the service uses these inferences to interpret image data from images on your computer or a [camera](/components/camera/), drawing bounding boxes around objects.
As a classifier, the service returns class labels and confidence score based off the [inferences](/ml/deploy/#infer) the underlying ML model makes from image data.

See [Use machine learning with your machine](#use-machine-learning-with-your-machine) for step by step instructions.

## Example tutorials

{{< cards >}}
{{% manualcard link="/tutorials/projects/integrating-viam-with-openai/" %}}

> <h4>Integrate Viam with ChatGPT</h4>

Author: ```suggestion
<h4>Integrate Viam with ChatGPT to Create a Companion Robot</h4>
```

> ## Tutorials

Reviewer: I think this is a bit too many. Let's limit it to the 3 most useful ones.
